WAF samples - health alerts sample update (#181)
mspnp/samples: Reliability/HealthAlerts/Readme.md

},
```

### Prerequisites

#### Create an action group

To follow the instructions on this sample, you'll need to create or reuse an Action Group configured to notify you; using the portal, manually create an Action Group named heatlh-alerts-ag.

See [How to create and manage action groups in the Azure portal](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/platform/action-groups) for instructions.

### Deploy the template

Log in to Azure

```powershell
Connect-AzAccount
```

Create a new resource group to deploy the sample

```powershell
New-AzResourceGroup -Name HealthAlerts-RG -Location "Central US"
```powershell

> To start a new deployment using the template provided in this sample, use the powershell command below; you will also be prompted for the ActionGroupResourceId, which is composed this way (replace theplace holder with your subscriptionId):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start a new deployment using the template provided in this sample, use the PowerShell command below; you will also be prompted for the ActionGroupResourceId, which is composed this way (replace the _subscriptionId_ placeholder with your subscription ID):
```

 /subscriptions/<subscriptionId>/resourceGroups/HealthAlerts-RG/providers/microsoft.insights/actionGroups/heatlh-alerts-ag

If you desire, you can get the ActionGroupResourceId with this powershell command (asuming the name of the action group created is "health-alerts-ag")

```powershell
(Get-AzActionGroup -ResourceGroupName healthalerts-rg -Name health-alerts-ag).Id
```

Run the deployment command

```powershell
New-AzResourceGroupDeployment -Name ExampleDeployment -ResourceGroupName HealthAlerts-RG -TemplateFile resourcehealth.json
```

You'll get a confirmation in PowerShell if everything worked ok

```powershell
DeploymentName          : ExampleDeployment
ResourceGroupName       : HealthAlerts-RG
ProvisioningState       : Succeeded
Timestamp               : 11/28/2021 10:00:04 PM
Mode                    : Incremental
TemplateLink            :
Parameters              :
                          Name                     Type                       Value
                          =======================  =========================  ==========
                          activityLogAlertName     String                     activityLog-alert-1

>                           actionGroupResourceId    String                     /subscriptions/a012a8b0-522a-4f59-81b6-aa
>                           0361eb9387/resourceGroups/HealthAlerts-RG/providers/microsoft.insights/actionGroups/health-al
>                           erts-ag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                          actionGroupResourceId    String                     /subscriptions/subscriptionId/resourceGroups/HealthAlerts-RG/providers/microsoft.insights/actionGroups/health-alerts-ag
```
